Software Engineer Job Description Template
Job Overview

We are looking for a Software Engineer to join our growing Engineering team and build out the next generation of our platform. The ideal candidate is a hands-on platform builder with significant experience in developing scalable data platforms. We’re looking for someone with experience in business intelligence, analytics, data science and data products. They must have strong, firsthand technical expertise in a variety of configuration management and big data technologies and the proven ability to fashion robust scalable solutions that can manage large data sets. They must be at ease working in an agile environment with little supervision. This person should embody a passion for continuous improvement and test-driven development.
Responsibilities for Software Engineer

    Analyze, design and develop tests and test-automation suites.
    Design and develop a processing platform using various configuration management technologies.
    Test software development methodology in an agile environment.
    Provide ongoing maintenance, support and enhancements in existing systems and platforms.
    Collaborate cross-functionally with data scientists, business users, project managers and other engineers to achieve elegant solutions.
    Provide recommendations for continuous improvement.
    Work alongside other engineers on the team to elevate technology and consistently apply best practices.

Qualifications for Software Engineer

    Hands-on experience working with technologies like Hadoop, Hive, Pig, Oozie, Map Reduce, Spark, Sqoop, Kafka, Flume, etc.
    Strong DevOps focus and experience building and deploying infrastructure with cloud deployment technologies like ansible, chef, puppet, etc.
    Experience with test-driven development and automated testing frameworks.
    Experience with Scrum/Agile development methodologies.
    Capable of delivering on multiple competing priorities with little supervision.
    Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
    Bachelor’s Degree in computer science or equivalent experience.
    We’re looking for someone with 3-5 years of experience in B2B, has a BS degree in computer science or similar, and is familiar with the following software/tools:
        Experience with infrastructure automation technologies like Docker, Vagrant, etc.
        Experience with build automation technologies like Maven, Jenkins, etc.
        Experience with monitoring technologies like Nagios, Ganglia, etc.
        Experience with modern programming languages like Java, Python, etc.
        Experience with building APIs and services using REST, SOAP, etc.
        Experience with scripting languages like Perl, Shell, etc.


Remember to post your job on Glassdoor here: https://www.glassdoor.com/post-job?src=jd